Add wording for enterprise page (#16560)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/sonarqube/README.md

Trademarks: This software listing is packaged by Bitnami. The respective trademarks mentioned in the offering are owned by the respective companies, and use of them does not imply any affiliation or endorsement. SonarQube is a registered trademark of SonarSource SA.

> Looking to use SonarQube## TL;DRtrade; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking to use SonarQube&trade; in production? Try [VMware Application Catalog](https://bitnami.com/enterprise), the enterprise edition of Bitnami Application Catalog.
```
